What is?
Glucosamine is a natural compound found in cartilage — the tough tissue that cushions joints. In supplement form, glucosamine is harvested from shells of shellfish or made in a lab. There are several forms of glucosamine, including glucosamine sulfate, glucosamine hydrochloride and N-acetyl glucosamine.

Is it safe to drink glucosamine?
Glucosamine supports joint health. Supplements can help treat osteoarthritis and other inflammatory conditions. It's safe for most people to consume but may have mild side effects such as nausea, heartburn, or diarrhea.2021年12月8日

Does liquid glucosamine really work?
Early research suggests that oral use of glucosamine hydrochloride might reduce pain related to rheumatoid arthritis. However, researchers didn't see an improvement in inflammation or the number of painful or swollen joints.

Does Glucosamine Work? Benefits, Dosage, and Side Effects
What it is
Inflammation
Joint health
Bone and joint conditions
Other uses
Effectiveness
Dosage and forms
Risks & side effects
Bottom line
Glucosamine supports joint health. Supplements can help treat osteoarthritis and other inflammatory conditions. It’s safe for most people to consume but may have mild side effects such as nausea, heartburn, or diarrhea.

When I worked at a supplement store during college, people would frequently purchase glucosamine supplements to prevent or lessen joint pain.

Due to its popularity, I assumed glucosamine was a safe and effective supplement for joint health.

However, I’ve since learned that the evidence to support glucosamine for joint health and its other supposed health benefits isn’t as clear-cut as the manufacturers would lead you to believe.

This article explains everything you need to know about glucosamine, including its benefits, side effects, and dosage information.

Is it okay to take glucosamine every day?
When taken by mouth: Glucosamine sulfate is likely safe in most adults when used for up to 3 years. Glucosamine hydrochloride is possibly safe for most adults when used for up to 2 years. N-acetyl glucosamine is also possibly safe when used for up to 6 months.